Yeah. Okay, so let's start the interview.
Okay. Mm-hmm.
Hi, Preeti, thank you so much for, uh. Taking our time to speak with me today.
I really appreciate your participation. Uh, the purpose of this interview is to understand your experiences during the cluster networking.
Mm-hmm.
Event which she participated. And I like to learn 3 things.
Three main areas during, uh, through this interview. These things are how the online event.
Uh, is compared to the traditional event in-person networking. So, how the online event?
Is better or worse than the traditional event. Your experiences, completing the task of finding the team members, that's the main task.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah, it is, it is. Yeah.
Funding from that challenge right, yeah. And your thoughts on the interface of the platform, which is the cluster platform of yours.
So, uh, I'll be recording this interview. I hope you're okay by providing your consent for this.
Mm-hmm. Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, sure.
Okay, so let's jump into the first question. Mitch is… Uh, how would you describe your overall experience?
Mm-hmm.
Participating in clusters, so… could give me an overall idea, it'd be great.
Um, yeah, so basically my overall experience was generally positive. I feel like it was easy for me to.
Navigate the interface, it was fairly intuitive and comfortable. And the, like, features which they added is… I feel like they are pretty good in sort of mimicking the.
Okay?
Uh… general, like. How networking would be in person.
So I feel like the feature sort of mimicked that, like, we also had a feature that can.
Sort of make us eavesdrop on other people's conversations to, like… to be a little crass, but yeah, so that…
Yeah.
Kind of, um… one-to-one comparison, to a certain extent, I feel like was there. So, it was generally a pretty good experience.
Okay. Okay, it was a good one. And…
What aspects, uh, you felt similar to traditional networking? So, do you feel something similar or different, something like that?
Yeah. So, I mean, I did say that, but, like, the… there was a feature that, like, let us preview other, like, conversations happening in, like, the clusters that you are not in.
So that… that is one of the features that kind of mimics the, like, experience of networking in, like, a big event, where, like, there's a lot of conversations happening around you.
And you can sort of catch, you know, glimpses of those conversations as you are talking to someone.
Within your conversation. So, that kind of experience, I feel like.
Yeah.
Was pretty good at innovative of the team to implement. And also, just generally, the, like, flow of conversations, even though it was in a virtual platform.
Like, you could really, sort of. Get more in-depth.
Which, like, the in-person experience also kind of has. As while it's not, like, a perfect substitute, it did mimic the experience pretty well, which is good.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, that's good.
So, uh… Did the online format make it a bit easier for you to communicate with newer people, or…
Was it, you know, any way hindering the process of, you know, getting to know people?
Um, like, I feel like with the online format, it's… there's always that, like, hurdle of awkwardness that, like, you have to jump over, which doesn't really exist in person, because, like, in person, you can really, like.
Yeah.
More instantaneously connect, but, like, online, it always becomes the, like.
Like, people are almost shy to talk. In online, uh, settings. So, like, unless someone really, like, gathers the bravery and, like.
Yeah.
Sort of encourage this conversation. It's difficult to get conversations started.
But once the conversation starts, I feel like it's… it flows pretty easily.
So that it's different. Than real-life networking.
Yeah, the… I would say it's more subjective to each person, but it was a wonderful answer, by the way, so…
Yeah. So, going on to the next question. Do you think Cluster captured the spirit of networking?
Yeah. Mm-hmm.
Uh, did it miss something, or did it enhance something which you feel like.
This event as… this online event has brought compared to the real-life networking event.
Um, I think in real life, like, you always sort of network with a more general purpose.
As compared… like, for us, because this is an aside bed, it's like, okay, we are, like, just, you know, we are just… talking with the motive of, like, finding group mates, or finding… or, like, doing well on the assignment, but in real life, you…
Yeah.
Like, really want to gain something long-term out of networking. Which, I mean, if this was… if this technology is applied to that sort of context, I feel like it would be more interesting and would be more helpful.
But, um… but also, like, in networking, in real life networking, especially.
In the corporate kind of setting. We're always looking for people who are better than us, or people who are more experienced than us, or, you know, so that we can learn from them.
But because we are doing this among peers, you don't really have that sort of.
Um, incentive to really, like, have deep conversations and stuff like that.
So, this particular exercise, I feel like, was not the best representation of networking as a concept.
Yeah.
But the technology could be improved, and it could be, you know… uh, tailored to a more general and more productive networking experience, I feel.
So I'm just curious, uh, would you suggest, uh, cluster networking.
Down the line.
To another person who doesn't have any idea about this online networking event.
Or would you say that you can just… avoid this online type of networking.
Um, I feel like, okay, so there's pros and cons, right? Obviously, there is… there is nothing like in-person connection and in-person networking.
I'm just curious about that.
Because that's where you gain the most out of networking, and you have the most to offer from networking.
But, in a way, the online thing also facilitates more diversity in terms of networking, because, like, you… We'll network with people who are not necessarily in the same area as you. Like, even… even now, like, it…
Kind of facilitated people from both Clayton and Malaysia to, like, interact with each other. So, in a way, that is good.
But obviously, there's nothing like in-person connection and in-person, um… networking. So, would I suggest it to someone if it improves, if…
The technology is refined a little bit more, yeah, I could probably suggest.
Yeah. Yeah, that's good. So… yeah, yeah.
Okay. So, that's basically what I was looking for, so it's fine.
Definement is required, basically.
Mm-hmm.
And… The next thing which I'm curious is how difficult was it to get the 6?
Member team which you are assigned to. So, was it easy? Was it difficult?
Uh, did you find the password, the secret code which you have to share to the other person? Do you find that.
Yeah, I feel like, I feel like that was the most confusing part of it, like, which code are we supposed to share? Is it this code? Is it that code? With whom are we supposed to share? Like, like, for example, but I feel like that's more to do with the assignment than with the actual technology.
Method. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah, okay.
The actual technology, I feel like, was… I feel like it was pretty smooth, like, clear, like, because we can sort of jump in and out of clusters.
Like, at a certain point, it just became that, like, like-minded people… We'll just sort of gathered in one place. So, like, shortlisting your teammates from that becomes easier, right?
Okay. Yeah.
Because, um… because you can sort of eavesdrop on everybody else and what they are doing.
So, if you don't click with Viv with someone, you can just leave.
Which is great. So, like, I'd add… At a certain point, it just, you know, like.
Yeah.
People who get along sort of coalesce into a group, which is… which is pretty cool, I feel. And that also kind of mimics real-life networking, in a way. Like, if you don't vibe with someone, you can just make excuses and leave.
Yeah. Yeah.
Right? So, that… That was… that was a good, fun, sort.
So it was decently easy, at least in my experience, to find people who.
Okay. Yeah.
Could be my team. It's… Obviously, I knew people going in, but… you know.
Yeah. Oh, you know who are all… in your cluster, right? So, that made it much more easier for you to network.
No, as in, I knew, like, I had friends who had booked the same time slot.
Oh, okay, okay. That's good. Yeah.
So… that's… that's what… I knew people going in, but, like, I met new people also, so it was kind of… you know, it's kind of good.
Yeah, yeah. That's fair, yeah. So, on average, how long did you…
Yeah. Mm-hmm.
Think it took for you to get your six-member team, so did it take… 10, 15, or 20.
It took the whole session, though. It took, like… how long was it? Was it an hour?
I think it was, like, an… it was 45 minutes, right? Yeah. So, but it… it did take that long, because, again.
Oh, okay. It was 45, I think, it was 45, yeah.
Think about it, right? We have, like, you only get to that point once you have been through all the clusters.
So, moving through all the clusters and having all those conversations, it only towards the end, you get to the point of, like, okay, I can finalize these 6 people.
Yeah, yeah.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah. It's a good one. So, did you face any obstacles, uh, while forming the group, where some people, you know.
Uh, angry towards yours, misbehaved somewhere, or was it smooth all the way through?
To me, no, I mean, I did not really face… I think the biggest obstacle I faced was, again, the, like, team code thing.
Okay.
It's like… But again, that is to do with the assignment and not with the actual software.
Oh, okay. Yeah, okay.
On the software side and on the people side, it was pretty chill. It's just, like, everybody was confused what exactly we are supposed to be doing.
Yeah. Yeah, I get that, so…
Yeah. But, like, yeah. Yeah, I know.
Because they weren't clear about it, so… Um, then…
Uh, did you follow any strategies to, you know. Former groups, so I'll… for example, let's say I'll take two persons who I know.
For my team, and the remaining four, I will take a new person, or something like that. Do you have any strategies for that?
Yeah, I did, because, like, like, like I said, I already had friends going in, so, like, we are kind of already made a decision, like.
Okay. Oh, okay.
Oh, we'll just take… we'll just, like, we'll just make the team ourselves, and maybe if we find someone, we vibe with, we'll just… you know, add that person in. So, in a way, yeah, we did have strategy beforehand.
Okay.
But I was… I personally was more open to. You know, putting other people in my group, because…
Okay?
It's like, okay, if we are networking, then isn't it more fruitful for me.
Okay.
Personally, to find friends or whatever, so… like, to meet new people. So, again, I did have strategy, but, like, I was pretty open to…
So, your answer leads me to the next question, actually. So… Did you use this platform to make.
Meeting people. Mm-hmm.
New friends, or just, you know, use this platform to gather groups of people for your assignment.
Did you have an intention to make new friends? That's my question.
Um, actually, I did.
I mean, I was open to it, but, like, now I feel like when it comes to group forming, like, it's always assignment first, and then friendship second.
Okay.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I get it.
Priorities, you know?
So, looking back at the cluster event, what would you have done differently.
Do you have any regrets with your team? Or, uh, you have done different something?
With my team? No, not… not really. I mean… I mean, I feel like the… like, towards the end, we, like.
Like, ideally sort of clicked Twitter with a few people, so that's fine. I don't really have any regrets.
Okay.
Yeah. Okay.
But if I did want to suggest something for the software, it should have a… it should have a… a chat function. Clearly, it was so inconvenient trying to share the code that we just had to show it on our phone screens.
Oh, okay, yeah. Yeah, I get it.
Should have a… at the very least, like, a chat function. That would have been very useful.
Yeah…
Yeah, that would have been… Yeah. Because sometimes when we spell out the code, the letters sound similar, so…
Mm-hmm. Yeah…
The other person might get the wrong code, and it's useless at that point, so… Yeah, I get that, so…
Mm-hmm. Yeah.
Uh, what, uh… You already told about the platform being.
Easier to navigate. Uh, do you have any suggestions, or do you have any… things to improve upon.
Mm-hmm.
Other than the thing which you told about the chat function, right? So… Yeah, okay.
Yeah. Oh my god, please, chat would be good. But also, I feel like the, uh, layout of it was a little confusing, and we had a few glitches, actually.
When, um, the, like, people were going into private rooms, but we could… we in the wider cluster could still hear them talking.
Okay.
So it was like, this is meant to be a private conversation, but, like, we are.
Like, it's, like, overlapping and stuff. But that is, like, a technical glitch. Um, on, like, a more structural level, I feel like… The, um, the idea of, like, taking peeks into other people's.
Okay.
Clusters is interesting, I feel, and it's a good idea, just the implementation of it, I don't know if it was the smoothest again. Because it relied on, um… the, like, whole cluster being recorded and livestreamed on, like, the facilitator's YouTube channel, and then we had to… yeah, yeah, I noticed that, and I was like, why are they doing it like this? Like, surely there's an easier way to do it than…
Yeah. Yeah.
You know, doing the whole platform integration thing. That, I feel like, could have been, like… I feel like they need to think about that.
A little more.
But handle better. Yeah. Yeah. And is there anything frustrating about the event, so…
For example, did the… interface caused any issues persistent, which is not fixable, or something like that.
Like those glitches I was talking about, where… Yeah, that is… yeah.
Yeah, that's glitches, but is there any… permanent, uh, issues with the interface, though.
Other than glitches. So, glitches are, like.
Um, I feel like it's… yeah, it's… it was fairly smooth, and I feel like it was well thought out of, like, the ideas are all there, I feel like, just from a UI perspective, it needs a little more… fine-tuning and, like, a little more, sort of, smoother integration of all the features that they want to implement.
Okay.
And, uh, obviously, the, like, chat would be really, really useful.
Other than that, it was pretty smooth every. Generally, it was pretty smooth.
Yeah.
Okay. So… Uh, what… looking back, what is the biggest takeaway you…
Took from this online cluster event, so… the final thing.
Um, in what aspect, you mean? Like, like…
So… What I mean is, uh… Uh, it was a good experience.
Uh, finding new people. Or was it, like, uh… I have already made a group of friends, which I wanted to make a team.
So, I just want to make friends using this online cluster team.
An online cluster networking platform. Or did you have an intention of making a team through this?
Mm-hmm.
And making new friends, and uh… tug into new people, so… Would you say this is a positive.
Initiative, or a useless one, so that's what I'm trying to get.
I… I mean, I… I mean, yeah.
Okay.
I think… I think the idea is good, and… like, the idea can be generalized, you know, like, think about it, like, how, like, if you want to go to, like, a networking event, say, in, like, a foreign country, for example, let's say I want to go to, like, a networking event in Amsterdam.
Because there's, like, a lot of tech… trees and stuff showing up.
And I want to interact with them, but, like, I'm limited by my geographical location, because I'm in Clayton right now.
So, I feel like this sort of initiative would be very interesting to implement in those cases, because, like.
Yeah.
Think of, like, all conferences and stuff only happen… only happen via Zoom and have, like, breakout rooms at best.
So, this sort of thing would be very useful for that sort of use case.
Yeah.
Um, I feel like, just with, like, a little bit of a fine-tuning, it could really get there. It could be useful in, like, a more general sort of networking.
Yeah?
Which I think is the goal, right? It is the point of the whole thing.
Boom. Yeah.
So, I feel like it would be very useful to be more generalized.
Yeah.
Um, specifically about this assignment, where… I mean, I already said, like, I was pretty open to, um, interacting with people, and even though I had friends going in, and I had, like, a plan to make teams with my friends.
I was pretty open to interact, and I feel like… We kind of succeeded there, and, like, we did have some fun conversations in the room.
No.
So, it was interesting, definitely.
So, I have one curious question. So, this is… what I thought of it, but… I don't know how you thought of it, yeah.
Mm-hmm. Yeah, yeah, sure.
Mm-hmm.
So, uh, do you think this event, uh. I mean, made us in a way to, uh, interact with the people who we are comfortable with, so…
By comfortable, what I mean is. Let's say a group of Asians or Indians are there, eh?
So, do you think, uh, that plaster consisted of… Uh, people who are… we are more comfortable with.
Mm-hmm.
So, what I found was… Uh, I'm an Indian, so I tend to go to a cluster where more number of Indians are prevalent there.
But that is… but that is the case even in real life, right? Think about it, how many times have you willingly gone up to, like, to, like, a group full of Asians in real life, and just, like, it just, like, started talking to them, and, like, and if they just give you the cold shoulder.
So, do you think, uh, making cluster like this.
Yeah.
Then that is… I mean, this happens in real life networking, too, so I don't think that's necessarily a problem with the, like, format of the… of the networking event. It's just, like, how humans are.
Yeah. Yeah.
It's just like an in-group, out-group thing, right? So, um, but yeah, definitely. But I feel like language also plays, like, an important role in this, because.
Like, all the Asians and all the, like, Chinese people, they just, they just started talking in Chinese, and I was like, okay, what am I supposed to do here?
Yeah. Good idea.
Yeah, I have to find a different group. Yeah.
I don't know his ideas, I'm just… I'm just… I'm just gonna leave! So… But this is the case in real life also, so, like, it's not exclusive to this, it just happens, because humans are like that.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah. Okay, get it. So…
I think I'm done with the interview then, now? It was a good interview, actually, so…
Okay. Mm-hmm.
Your points were clear and brief enough for me. Uh, do you have any, uh.
Okay, thank you.
Thing to add upon for this interview.
Um, like, like, you actually brought it up, but, like, I'm… I'm kind of more curious how you felt about the whole experience, because, like, I feel like, because I sort of… had, like, strategies to, you know, make my teams and stuff. Like, did a… did you…
Do go into it, like, very open-mindedly, and I was like, oh, I'm just gonna make.
Yeah.
Teams through this app, or whatever.
I find it more, uh, helpful for me, because. Basically, I tend to talk less when I'm with people.
Oh, okay. Mm-hmm.
So, through online, uh, that shiny barrier. You know, kind of broke for me, so…
Oh, so it was the… it was the inverse for you, where you don't feel more shy online.
I… yeah, yeah. So it was easier for me to communicate with new people through online.
Oh, that's… that's interesting. That's interesting.
But again, uh… To be honest, I couldn't get the 6 people I wanted, so… I tried tugging to… yeah, so…
I spent way too much… Yeah.
Oh, is it? Yeah, that's it. Up to 6 people, right? You don't have to pick 6 people exactly. So, even…
And I only put 5 people.
Yeah. Yeah, so I spent way too much time on a couple of people. By the time I…
Yeah. I think, I think, I think by the time it came to my, like, session of networking, I feel like enough people had gone that, like, everybody was like, oh, you just, you just share your code in the beginning itself.
Then turn more on to the next person. The time was up, so… We just, you know, I…
That way, you know, you can just get more people's scores, and then you can shortlist among them, which is what I did.
So, I feel like, again, it's all about strategy, and it's all about what you want to get out of it.
Yeah. Yeah, uh… Yeah. And it's… and I think it's subjective, so each person's experience might vary from.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, because they… because, yeah, they also made us, like, do a survey kind of thing about how you communicate in general.
A different person, so… what I felt… Yeah.
Yeah. Hmm. Yeah.
So, they'll probably find some correlation from that, I feel. I hope so, let's see. I just… I just want to pass.
Yeah. I hope so. Let's see, uh…
Yeah… Yeah. Yeah.
No, we can do it, it's okay, it's not that difficult or anything.
You can do it. Yeah. Mm-hmm.
Yeah, it was a wonderful time, you know, interviewing you. I hope I did great interviewing you.
Yeah, okay.
Yeah. Thank you. So, I will just, uh, you know, take your consent form after the interview, and I… Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah, I just… I'll just… I'll just send it to you by email.
That'll be fine. Okay. Yeah, sure. See you then!
Thank you, Preeti, yeah. Yeah, bye.